---
layout: default
title: Sidebars
modal-id: sidebars
category: application-and-homepage
---
A neat feature which exists in the app is the idea of page sidebars. Consider a layout that features a main content column and a thinner sidebar column. This layout is consistently used on content pages and could share common pods or content chunks. You might even want to expose content chunks for your client to use within their CMS, which are then outputted if present in the sidebar.

To get up and running with this, you'd simple add the following line to your ``application.liquid``:

``{% raw %}{{page.sidebar}}{% endraw %}``

You could optionally wrap this in your sidebar HTML and place it where required, or you could add the HTML to the sidebar itself. The next step is to create the sidebar. To do this, create yourself a ``sidebars`` folder under your theme's directory. Sidebars should follow a consistent naming pattern. Here's some examples:

- ``_branch_show_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_branches_index_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_home_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_locations_show_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_pages_show_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_property_show_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_property_results_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_articles_show_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_valuation_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_staff_show_sidebar.liquid``
- ``_users_new_sidebar.liquid``

Next you need to open your theme's ``config.yml`` and add a ``sidebars`` section. You then quote the controller and action for the page in question. For example, the controller for a CMS page that lived under your ``pages`` directory would be ``pages``, the action would be ``show``. The controller for a properties index page would be ``properties``, the action ``index``, and so on...

{% highlight yaml %}
sidebars:
	'pages#show' : 'pages_show_sidebar'
{% endhighlight %}

Once you've added these prerequisites, your HTML and content into the sidebar, it should render it on the targeted page. As always when using the YAML file, use consistent spaces for indenting to make sure it doesn't error out.