---
layout: default
title: Location guides
modal-id: location-guides
category: location-guides
---
Location guides provide collective information about locations and areas. This information can be in the form of local branches, geographical location information, location specific content and so on. A useful way to think of a node is as an aggregator of content to be displayed on (for example) a location property results page.

A route exists in the Ctesius app to location guide pages, this means you can begin to build up content for individual locations. The route for this page is:

{% highlight html %}
/location_guides
/location_guides/:location
{% endhighlight %}

Within your theme, you will need to add a ``location_guides`` folder and within it, an ``index.liquid`` and a ``show.liquid`` file. This file will contain all of the node blocks you require to pull out content chunks, branch information, properties and so on.

On the index page you can display all the nodes of type location guide in a loop like this

{% highlight html %}
{%raw%}
  {% for node in nodes %}
    ..
  {% endfor %}
{%endraw%}
{% endhighlight %}

For instance, if a branch served the town of 'Tamworth', you might create a Tamworth node, with the slug 'tamworth'. You could then get to it using ``/location_guides/tamworth``.

You can define Location guide nodes in the backend which can have multiple node items (of a range of data types - i.e. Branch, Location, Property etc) that can pull in various data objects from within the Homeflow system. This can be used to help build up the complex requirements of a Location guide page. For more information on nodes click [here](/nodes).
