---
layout: default
title:
modal-id: draw-a-map
category: draw-a-map
---
Draw a Map is an extension of the Leaflet mapping system that the Homeflow platform uses to provide freehand polygon drawing to property maps on the website.

If you are building a new theme and primarily using staging as a test environment, with only one agency on said theme, it is suggested that you add: ``Ctesius.addConfig('draw_a_map'), true`` to
``_js_events_registers.liquid``. This is way quick to turn and off for styling purposes but must not be left in the theme when it goes to production.

If you are styling Draw a Map for an existing theme on production or a theme with multiple agencies on, you should add: ``Ctesius.addConfig('enable_draw_a_map',"{{theme_preferences.drawamap}}")`` to ``_js_event_registers.liquid`` in the document ready function and get a Homeflow team member to switch the agency preference on.

In principle, Draw a Map works straight out of the box and will immediately appear on any property maps on the client website, held within its own, independent toolbar. However, depending on the map container and the div hierarchy, it is quite possible that some custom CSS will have to be implemented. Notably the save/cancel buttons associated with the drawing, editing and deleting tools can become misaligned. To remedy this one can just append a style to the relevant classes in ``main.lcss``:

{% highlight css %}
.leaflet-control-title-interior - Styling for the Sketch a Search box

leaflet-draw-toolbar .leaflet-draw-edit-edit.leaflet-disabled - Styling for the edit tool

leaflet-draw-actions li:last-child a - Styling for the cancel buttons

leaflet-draw-actions li:first-child a - Styling for the save button

{% endhighlight %}

In addition to the above basic styles, we have a library of styles that can be applied to generally style Draw a Map. Please see the appendix for these styles.

It is possible to extensively re-theme Draw a Map (see: [Leaders](http://www.leaders.co.uk)).