---
layout: default
title:
modal-id: getting-started
category: getting-started
---
Firstly we will need to initialise a Git repository for your theme on our platform and provide it with an API key so it can query Hestia and get the information it needs. You don't need to do anything here and it's a stage we will automate in the future.

An account on our internal Git platform is required and a valid SSH key will need to be uploaded for you to use our platform. If we have not already created and supplied an account to you, you can obtain this by contacting support@homeflow.co.uk.

Before you start developing for the Homeflow platform we recommend you read our [best practices guide](/best-practices).

### Git on OSX / Ubuntu
For information on how to fetch or generate your SSH key, visit [this link](https://help.github.com/articles/generating-ssh-keys#platform-mac).

### Git on Windows
If you are using Windows then the easiest way to use Git is to download Git's native app. Visit [this link](https://help.github.com/articles/generating-ssh-keys#platform-windows) for more information.

### Add SSH keys to Gitlab

Once you have generated your keys, navigate to where they are saved and copy the contents of the public key. Next, log in [here](http://hades.homeflow.co.uk/keys) and paste in your key.

### Clone the repo
To clone your repository, open up a command prompt and ``cd`` to directory of your choice (but one that you won't forget and is easy to get to!) and run the following:

``git clone <link>``

Your Git clone URL will look something like: ``git@hades.homeflow.co.uk:fdesign/pantani.git``.

By this point we should have provided you with a ``staging`` link so you/your team/your customer can view the development progress of the site. Once you have added your public key and you have successfully cloned your repository, we can now start to put your theme's folder structure together.
